my artwork is an extension of Who I am
I've survived my whole life with my art
I like wood carving because it appeals
to almost everybody from young to old
and from people from all over the world
kind of nice to relate to that song and
to have it do what I wanted to do in
such a quickly about five years ago I
won a contest to carve the town monument
the monument right now it's been five
years since I glued four logs together
with Gorilla Glue I've used no metal or
no other things but it's standing five
years and I haven't seen any separation
at all I glued it together by using its
own way to glue it we took a case of
glue to do each glue up it was about
eight feet as we stacked them then we
got a crane in and stood the whole thing
up for a true artist is not about the
money but it's about relating to people
this is a magnificent monument I'm doing
it now with my wood carving and that's
why I'm sticking with that and it really
came from a very talented artist David
Roy David thank you very much such a
talented man that's the most say any
artist could ever ask for it this
wonderful artifact is going to remain
here for many years to come
David thank you so much
I'm just trying to fulfill my obligation
here on this planet you know God gave me
a gift and I just want to fulfill it my
name is David Roy I'm 63 and I'm a wood
carver I don't really know what they did
before real igloo you know how would
they have done the things that I'm doing
right now before there was gorilla glue
that's what I've always said to
everybody